feat(cli): `status` cmd cli support output text (#17184)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

* (x/bank) [#16795](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/16852) Add `DenomMetadataByQueryString` query in bank module to support metadata query by query string.

> * (cli) [#17184](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/17184) `status` command add support for text format output

Reviewer: I don’t this it worth a feature changelog. However we still need that cli breaking changes changelog 😁

* (server) [#17177](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/17177) Remove `iavl-lazy-loading` configuration.
* (rosetta) [#16276](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/16276) Rosetta migration to standalone repo.

> * (cli) [#17184](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/17184) `status` command add support for text format output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (cli) [#17184](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/17184) All json keys returned by the `status` command are now snake case instead of pascal case.
```
